How to use the data analysis page
	1) The prompt will ask you for three files and a participant name
		a) For the first section, the program will be asking for the gaze file that was outputted from gazepoint
		b) For the second section, the program will be asking for the fixation file that was outputted from gazepoint
		c) For the third section, the program will be asking for a folder location where you want the files that the program is going to generate to be located
		d) The particpant's name section will be the name of your folder.
	2) Once you submit these, the prompt will then ask you if you "Would you like to output snapshots of the data?"
		a) This is where the program will section out your original gaze or fixation files based on time or defined events
		b) If you select no the program will automatically exit
	3) If you select yes, the prompt will give you four options to choose from: Continuous Snapshot, Cumulative Snapshot, Overlapping Snapshot, Event Analytics
		a)Continuous Snapshot: This option generates gaze data in a series of fixed, non-overlapping windows
		b)Cumulative Snapshot: This option generates gaze data in a series of expanding windows that increases with every interval.
		c)Overlapping Snapshot: This option generates gaze data in a series of fixed and overlapping windows
		d)Event Analytics: This option generates a baseline file based on the first two minutes of the gaze data, and then compares it to the rest of the file. 
		  If the data exceeds the baseline value, it will be counted as an event, and the program will continue to search for the next event within a specified 
		  time period. If no event is found, the program will close at a specific period. If another event is found, the session window will continue searching
	4) The prompt will then ask you to pick a file to use
	5) Depending on what you choose your prompts will ask different questions
		a)Continuous Snapshot and Cumulative Snapshot: The program will ask for a Window size in seconds. This is how the program is going to break up your file
		  into sections. 
		b)Overlapping Snapshot:The program will ask for a Window size and an overlapping amount in seconds. Not including the first file, the rest of your snapshot
		  files will have overlapping values according to the overlapping input.
		c)Event Analytics: The program will ask you to pick two values you would like to compare. One will come from an auto-generated file based on how the 
		  participant performed in the first two minutes. The second will be from the file you picked. Please make sure the inputs correlate with one another,
		  if not the calculations will be incorrect. You would also asked to define the maximum duration of an event in seconds. If there is no event trigger 
		  within that amount of time, the event will automatically end.
	  
Troubleshooting
	- ensure that all the required libraries are included
		- arpack_combined.jar, common-lang3.jar, commons-math3-3.6.1.jar, core.jar, mt.jar, opencsv-5.7.0.jar, weka.jar
	- if you are missing files, check the system logs. It'll tell you the errors that occurred and why it was unable to create a curtain file
	- if there is an error in creating a folder, ensure that you are not using any special characters and there is no extra space at the end

Limitation
	- several sections of the codebase rely on the existence of data columns in the raw data files. To ensure that the program functions correctly, 
	  select all the possible columns when exporting data from the Gazepoint Analysis software
	- note that the program will create a folder for the participant regardless of the success of the program execution.
	- Please be aware that if the names and locations selected for the files match those of an existing file, the existing file will be automatically 
	  overwritten